GardenOS v0.1x64-beta © 2021 Raphael Jong Jun Jie

List of Supported Commands
The commands are categorized into the following sections:

1. FLOURISHING
	Any commands that cause something new to appear on your system are listed here	
2. DESTRUCTIVE
	Any commands that deletes stuff from your system can be found here. 
	!! Take note that commands listed here are SUPER DESTRUCTIVE and the end result is IRREVERSIBLE. Because of its super destructive nature, 
		you WILL get a lot of confirmation before really doing anything to the system. The confirmation text are VERY VERY VERY LITERAL. 
		To be safe, any dubious/wrong/strange input (by default) will abort the super destructive process :)	
3. EXPLORING
	Anything to do with the program itself or just to manuever around your system are categorized under this section
		

~ FLOURISHING ~

grow [branch|leaf|leaves]
	1. grow branch	: creates a directory (more prompt will appear after issuing this command)
	2. grow leaf	: creates a single file, you'll need to specify the extension if you want. Default encoding is UTF-8 (more prompt will appear after issuing this command)
	3. grow leaves	: creates multiple files in one go, you'll need to specify the extension if you want. Default encoding is UTF-8(more prompt will appear after issuing this command)


~ DESTRUCTIVE ~

break branch [-force]
	1. break branch			: deletes the specified single directory, this only works on empty directories
	2. break branch -force	: deletes the whole directory/folder specified. This will also remove everything within that directory

nip leaf [-all|-some|-most]
	1. nip leaf			: deletes a single file (more prompt after issuing this command)
	2. nip leaf -all	: deletes all files under the current directory (more prompt after issuing this command))
	3. nip leaf -some	: deletes the specified files you specified (more prompt after issuing this command)
	4. nip leaf -most	: deletes all the files except the ones you specified (more prompt after issuing this command)



~ EXPLORING ~
	
visit
	Visits a valid path. You'll specify the path after issuing this command. 
	Take note that the path is case-insensitive, however, the path that you visit will be shown the way you typed it in.
	Example: visiting "place" will result in ".../plAce" if you typed in "plAce"

leave
	Goes back one directory.
	
trunk
	Brings you to the root of your computer directly

treehouse
	Brings you to your desktop directly

explore [branch|leaf]
	1. explore			: lists all  the directories and files under your current working directory
	2. explore branch	: lists all the directories situated under your current working directory
	3. explore leaf		:lists all the files situated under your current working directory

address
	Shows you your current working directory

cls
	Clears the console screen

exit
	Exits the program

